- MAN ON TV: Now, Junior, now!
He's got--
- WALLY: [laughing]
- [gunfire]
- Future!
- OFFICER: He's
from the future?
- [laughs]
- What's so funny?
Oh, I love this episode.
It's funny.
- Ah, shit.
- What?
- Nora, your neck!
- WALLY: Quiet, Ma.
- Oh, no, I just got a
little--I think it's a little
mosquito bite or something.
- Ah, no mosquito can do that.
Look.
- WALLY: Hey, hey, stop it!
- GRANDMA: No, look.
- Ah! Whoa!
- Hey.
- NORA: Holy shit! Oh, oh, oh.
Dad. Dad. Look.
- Will you keep it down?
What is it?
- Look, look, look, look.
- Ahhhh!
- Ahhh!
- Ew! Why does it look like
Texas?
- Galveston Bay,
Dallas, Fort Worth,
Lubbock, it's Texas.
- ♪
- [in Texas accent]
GRANDMA: Ah, dear,
it looks like shingles to me.
- Stop doing a Texas accent.
How does one even get
shingles nowadays?
- Oh, you'd be surprised.
Stress, diet, lifestyle.
They can all cause shingles.
- Anybody who's had chicken pox
can have the shingles, princess.
- I didn't have chicken pox.
- Uh, yeah, you came home with
it the same day
there was an earthquake in
Queens.
- No, I don't remember an
earthquake in Queens, no.
- Yes, it was 2003.
I was making dinner and getting
ready to watch "Judge Judy"
when everything started shaking.
- No, I don't remember that.
Do you think that memory loss
is a side of the shingle?
- Oh, will you relax
and go to urgent care?
- I'm dying, father.
I'm dying.
- Well, perhaps this a good
time to talk about...
living a healthier lifestyle.
- I do live a
healthy lifestyle.
I had a zucchini yesterday.
And also, my immune system's
like so good, dude.
- Yeah.
- I'm just gonna recover without
the Western medical system.
I'm gonna do the hol--[pops]
[spits]
- Ah, is that a tooth?
- Uh, do you have
to call ahead,
or is it more of a walk-in?
- ♪
- [siren wails]
- [coughing]
- Hi, I've come to consult
a doctor about, um--well,
a potpourri of things.
- Sign in on the tablet.
- High-tech, huh?
Do you have Candy Crush on here?
[laughs]
Are you sexually active?
Yes.
- That's nice.
- Thank you.
- ♪
- Will you take a seat, please?
- Yeah, and those
are true, for sure.
[clears throat]
Hi. What are you in for?
A double homicide?
- BOTH: [laughing]
- You're funny.
- Thanks.
- Long story short,
I swallowed a key.
- Oh, ouch.
- Yeah, yeah.
And a little bit of hair.
But don't worry, it was human.
- Okay.
- Fun fact, did you know that
DNA can be stored in human hair
for up to ten years?
- I don't know if that's
like the fun-est fact,
but that's cool.
- I'm Greta, by the way.
- Oh, Greta. Yeah.
Like that awesome climate
change girl, right?
- That like
hoodied...vegan emo prophet?
- Okay.
- No, I'm nothing like her.
- She's a shero.
- A shero?
- NURSE: Nora Lin?
- Yes.
Thank--so nice to meet you.
- GRETA: Nice to meet you too.
- And I hope that you...shit
out the key
without pain and suffering.
- Bye, girl.
- [door closes]
- My own room?
- Mm-hmm.
- For moi? Wow.
- Okay, you're gonna
put this gown on.
It's gonna open in the back.
Mm-hmm.
- It's like those
reusable tote.
- Actually, you need to take
your clothes off
to put the robe on.
- Naked?
- I'll give you some privacy.
- No.
- ♪ Uh, hey, Dirty.
What? ♪
- ♪ Look at that girl
right thurr. She make me say ♪
- ♪ I like the way you do that
right thurr, right thurr ♪
♪ Swing your hips
when your walkin' ♪
♪ Let down your hurr,
down your hurr ♪
♪ I like the way you do that
right thurr, right thurr ♪
♪ Lick your lips when your
talkin', that make me sturr ♪♪
- Hi, Doctor.
- Hello, Miss. Oh, dear.
That's supposed to
be open to the back.
- Oh, I thought it was open
from the front, like it is now.
- Uh--
- Oh.
- No worries at all.
- Oh, my bush!
Oh my God, I'm sorry. [laughs]
- Let's just close it up.
- I haven't done a little
snip-snip in a while.
Couple years.
Fortunately, not maintained
as--like your beard.
- So, looks like you're
coming in today for--
- Shingles.
- Calcified heart valve.
- What?
- Oh, let's get you an MRI.
- I--I came here for a
rash, not a heart problem.
- Your chart says
heart problem.
Let's get you in the tube.
- The tube.
- ♪
- Um, I'm just a little
nervous, 'cause it's like a lot,
but, um, it's not
gonna be crazy, is it?
- Not at all.
- [machine whirs]
- It won't hurt, right?
- Oh wow.
It's like a music
video up in here.
- [machine vibrates]
- That's a--what--what--
hey, hey, hey, hey!
Is this normal?
Is this normal?!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, oh, oh no, oh dear.
Oooh, oooh, oooh! Shit!
- [dog barking]
- [birds chirping]
- ♪
- Oh.
- Hello.
- ♪
- Ugh.
- NORA: A VW Bug?
You don't see enough
of those anymore.
- [indistinct rap music plays]
- Watch where you're going.
- ♪ I was gonna pay
my child support ♪
- With a first generation iPod.
iPod one.
- MAN: This is brand-new.
- Dumb ol' bitch.
- ♪
- NORA: Nokias.
They're all using Nokias.
- ♪
- Wait.
- NORA: Uh, oh
my God, it's 2003!
- 'Sup, Slut.
- It's you.
- Yes. Where are we?
- 2003.
- But Queens looks the same.
- But how did we
end up in 2003?
- I don't know.
- I was in the MRI machine,
the earthquake happened.
It must have like ripped a hole
in the space-time continuum?
- Yeah, but I
wasn't in the MRI.
I was like taking a number
two, so why am I here too?
- Well...maybe--maybe you were
like on the other side
of the wall or--
- Yeah.
Yeah, that's make total sense.
- Yeah, it does, yeah.
- No further
explanation needed.
- Well, just--
- Wait, is that a video store?
Ahhh!
- ♪ Making my way downtown
♪ Walking fast
- We should--we should
finish talking about this.
- [doorbell rings]
- Oh my God, I haven't been
to one of these in so long.
- Yeah.
- Girl, "The Whores."
- "The Hours." "The Hours."
- So good.
- NORA: Yeah, love it.
- Wait. Do you guys watch
this on Christmas?
- "The Tuxedo"? No.
Um, "A Christmas Story."
- So good.
- NORA: Really good.
- GRETA: Wait, do you
remember this movie,
where he like fucks a pie
and is like urg-urg-urg.
And then like the dad comes in,
but he's like also really horny?
And then he has those
really thick eyebrows.
- Yes.
- [gasps]
Oh my
God, "Fruitopia."
- Oh my God, I love--that is
such a throwback
right there.
- GRETA: Right?
- I love this era.
- Yeah.
Oh my God, Doritos 3D!
- Doritos 3D!
And--and--and AIM,
instant messaging on AIM.
- Evanescence!
- Baby G watches.
- The muffled gasps of
someone's last breath!
- What?
- I said "NCIS."
- "NCIS," yeah.
- So good. [giggles]
- Oh, yeah.
[nervous laughs]
- Oh my God, I have
an amazing idea.
- Shit, yeah, what?
- Ssh, come with me.
- ♪
- Okay, so in
time travel movies,
they always go to a library.
- Yeah.
- We should find a librarian.
They're like the elf,
but for knowledge.
- I know what a librarian is.
- Oh.
Here we go, science.
- Oh, look how big
the computers are.
- Ugh.
Science fiction.
Okay, so this is where we're
gonna find out about
time travel, because it's
knowledge.
- Do you know
what fiction means?
- Truth.
- No, it doesn't mean--
- Science truth!
- No!
- What are you talking--
- Sssh!
Okay, this is the
library, not a duck rodeo.
- So sorry, library lady.
- Sorry.
- But, hey. Quick Q.
- We don't need to.
We don't need to bring her in.
- Quick Q.
- Yeah.
- Theoretically, if you were
to like travel back in time.
- Uh-huh.
- What would you do?
- Weird question but, um...
Well, I'd definitely go back and
visit my younger self and warn
her about all the
mistakes that I made,
and hopefully she
wouldn't make them.
- Oh my God, that
is a great idea.
- Right? I would definitely tell
her
not to get hammered every single
night
and destroy her sinuses
with cocaine and not to
constantly live so hard and
get so wasted all the time.
And not to do every single
adult film you're offered.
- Oh, are you an adult--are
you an adult film star?
- [chuckles] You--you
guys don't recognize me?
- GRETA: No.
- I'm Connie Linguist.
- Connie Linguist?
- I speak nine languages, and
I mean--which is why I've been
working here, but--wait,
oh my God, are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
Well, don't look at it.
- No, it just looks like Texas.
- I know.
- Okay, I'm just saying.
- I'm aware.
- We have a Texas section.
- Okay, Nora. Let's go!
- Okay.
- Let's go talk to
our younger selves!
- Wait, do you guys need
any--can I come with you guys?
- No.
- Why?
Wait, I forgot to tell you.
The main rule of time travel
is not to mess with the past.
- MAN: [coughs]
- Ssshhh!
- ♪
- [siren wails]
- NORA: Jesus, my
grandma looks the same.
Man, they really
haven't changed.
- [laughs] Oh my God,
your dad bent over,
and I could see the
outline of his peeny.
- NORA: Oh.
- GRETA: Oh yeah, hey, Daddy.
- NORA: Okay.
Oh my--oh my God, I think
that's--I think that's my bike.
I think that's me.
Stay--stay there!
Hey. Howdy doody.
It's okay, it's good.
I'll give you space.
I'm just--I come in peace.
I need you to listen to me.
I'm you 16 years
into the future.
So, please, listen
to what I'm saying.
Uh, you--you right now, you
think that you're gonna grow up
to be like an astronaut, like
one of the--not the lady that
drove across country
in the diaper,
but like a real cool astronaut.
And you think you're
gonna be a business bitch.
And you think you're gonna
be married to Devon Sawa.
But unless you change right
now, you're gonna end up
a 28-year-old fuck-up that
still lives up in there.
- Oh, okay.
- And, uh, you should
smoke a lot less weed.
Like a lot--a lot less.
Also, you're gonna--you're gonna
poop in a hot tub...
assuming that
it goes to the bottom.
It comes back to the top.
- ♪
- It's unsinkable, okay?
- Hey, girl, your dad's
about to come outside.
- Okay. And--and you're
gonna feel
like a loser sometimes.
And you're gonna be
jealous of people. Don't be.
Just live in the present.
- Okay.
- Come on, let's go. Let's go.
- Airbnb, Uber, bitcoin!
The marijuana
industry in general.
Don't forget that, that
poop sinks to the top!
- ♪
- GRETA: So this is my house.
- NORA: Wow,
you're really rich.
- Yeah, but then in 2008,
we go into foreclosure.
- Oh geesh.
- Nora, I love us.
We're like Harold and Kumar.
- We're like what?
- Harold and Kumar.
- Yeah, um, like in what way?
- Like you're Asian.
- Right, but--
- And we're on a
goofy adventure.
- Yeah, but you're White.
- Oh my God, I know, right?
Aw, there I am as a baby.
- NORA: Oh, babies.
- You know, at first I wasn't
sure I even wanted to be here
or meet my younger self.
But...I'm really
glad that we're here.
- Yeah, it's
really--it's nice, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Judy Clock.
Man, this thing used to teach
me how to tell time.
[gasps] I--
- [baby babbling]
- Whoa, why are your
toys all fucked up?
- [grunts]
- ♪
- What--what--what'd
you do with the baby?
- I just saved 63 lives.
- You're a serial killer?
- You'll always be my Kumar!
- I would be Harold!
- ♪
- Oh my God! Oh my God, she just
Looper-ed herself.
She just Looper-ed herself.
Shit.
- ♪
- It wasn't me. It wasn't me.
- Oh God, Greta?
- ♪
- NORA: Oh shit.
- Hey! What's new?
- Okay, I'm gonna
come clean with ya.
I'm just gonna come clean.
I am a time traveler.
- Oh, yeah, I--
- Really. No, really.
- I thought so.
- Okay.
- I thought something, yeah.
- Good, and I need to go back.
I need to go back.
I need to go back...
to the future.
- Uh-huh.
- And my grandma said there
was an earthquake that happened
right before "Judge
Judy" on this day.
And I have--
- [gasps] "Judge Judy"?
Oh my God, it's on in an hour.
- I have to go back
to the urgent care.
I have to go back
- Wait, wait,
where's your friend?
- She Looper-ed herself.
- Oh, wow.
Is she gonna get antibiotics?
- No, "Looper" is a
movie from the future.
- I actually did an adult
film about time travel,
and it was called
"Back to the Pooper."
And it's really some
of my finest work.
But you know that if
you change the past,
then you could change the future
in ways that you can't
even predict, you know, like you
could just knock
on your family's door, and they
could all be dead.
- Not just like
knock on their door.
- But you didn't talk
to yourself, right? You just--
- I did have a bit of a chat.
- Eee.
- Why?
- Your rash is gone, congrats.
- No, it's gone?
- Yeah.
- It's--no, it's imposs--
- That's good.
- It's not good!
- Why?
- Because I changed the past.
- Oh my God, you have to see--
- I have to go talk to myself
and undo the past--
- --a clip of--here,
"Back To The Pooper," it's right
here. Come on.
- [moans and farts]
- Oh, oh, wow.
Wha--oh my God, that's me!
They think I--
- Oh my God, you
better get out of here.
- I have to go.
- Okay.
Well, say hi to your friend.
She's really cute.
- ♪
- NORA: Dad? Grandma?
Oh my God, they're gone!
- [horn beeps]
- Where's Grandma?
- She's dead.
- Oh my God.
Oh my God, I should have
never talked to you.
I Looper-ed my own family.
- [bell dings]
- What's up?
- Ew, get away, you
have chicken pox.
- No, you do.
- ♪
- Wait a minute,
which one's me? I don't--
- [siren wails]
- I need the bike.
- No!
- Give me the bike, come on.
- No! No!
- Come on! Come on!
- ♪ You, don't wanna
be just like you ♪
- Shit, it's a
tanning salon in 2003.
- ♪
- Hello, how can I help you?
- Hello.
I'm looking for an MRI
machine, if you have any.
- We have two packages.
Our Tahiti Sunkiss, which is 35
minutes
with the coconut lime oil.
Or the Sex On The Beach package
that includes an extra 20
minutes and a complimentary
toenail separator.
- ♪
- Do you know the time? Do you
know what time it is?
- Do I look like a
clock, Connie Chung?
- Alright.
That's not--you know, it's
un--it's unnecessary.
- Wait a second.
You're that homicidal
killer on the news.
- No, I'm not.
- Yes, you are.
- No, I'm not! Oh, shit!
- ♪
- [gasps]
- You there, stop, stop!
- ♪
- Shit.
- [banging on door]
- [machine beeps]
- Alright. Okay.
- ♪
- It's happening!
It's happening!
Dear God, it's happening.
- [rattling]
- Are you okay?
That was quite a quake, huh?
- Is it--is it still 2003?
- I don't know what
you're talking about,
but major apologies.
We had two Japanese
clients in today,
and I confused
your file with his.
- His?
- Yes, a 75-year-old male
with congenital heart failure.
- I Looper-ed my family.
I Looper-ed my family.
I must go.
- DOCTOR: But you
may have a concussion!
- ♪
- Okay, did anyone see a girl?
That was sitting in that chair
and she--and she had swallowed
a key and human hair?
- No, but for whatever reason,
the world just feels
so much better.
Have a nice day.
- ♪
- [door opens]
- Grandma!
- WALLY: Hey!
- Dad!
- WALLY: Oh!
- [laughs]
- You alright?
- [crying]
- Oh, it's alright.
You're alive.
- Uh, yeah.
- The shingles has
gone to her brain.
- Possibly.
- I don't have
shingles anymore.
- Yeah, it looks like it just
migrated over to the other side.
- Yeah, check it out.
- Yeah, yeah,
it looks like Italy now.
- Looks like Pangaea.
- Oh, now I feel like pizza.
- Yeah.
- If I have still
have shingles.
- Yeah.
- And you two are still here.
- I didn't change the future.
- What?
- That little girl wasn't me.
- What little girl?
- There was a girl
outside in 2003.
She had a red bike
just like mine.
- 2003?
- Are you talking
about that Chen girl?
- Oh, that girl that used to
hang out in front of our house
all the time.
What a loser.
I think she moved away.
- Yeah.
- After the first
earthquake, 2003.
What?
- I'm just really
glad you're alive.
With us.
- WALLY: We're glad
you're alive, too.
- GRANDMA: Yeah.
- I had a horrible...weird day
that I don't even
know if it really happened.
- Okay.
- So I'm gonna go.
- Get some rest now.
- NORA: Okay. Bye, guys.
- Bye.
- WALLY: Bye-byes.
- Oh.
- Oh, God!
- Is the raccoon back?
- [dog barking]
- Hey, are you Nora?
I just wanna say thank you for
all the advice you gave me
when I was a kid?
- Wait, are you--
- You spoke to me back in
2003 when I was a little girl.
I've tried to make sense
of this ever since.
How you could have
predicted all those things.
- What things?
- You know, Uber,
Airbnb, bitcoin.
I never truly understood what
any of those words meant
in your rambling speech, until I
finally did
and became a multibillionaire.
- A what?
A what? A bi--
- I needed to come back here
to see if it was all true,
and to thank you.
- With money?
- Ooh, I don't actually have
my purse on me right now.
- Wh--wh--you--you could
wire at a later date.
- I live in the present, Nora.
You taught me that.
You.
- Nora?
It's 4, "Judge Judy" is on.
- Okay, I'm coming.
- [engine revs]
- NORA: Shit.
- ♪
♪♪
- Who the [bleep] is Awkwafina?
- ♪
- ♪ MTV